Good afternoon sir/mam
My name is Abhiroop Panchal, I am from Banswara, Rajasthan.
My Father's name is Mr. Manohar Panchal and he is having business in Kuwait. My Mother's
name is Mrs. Jayshree Panchal and she is housewife. I have completed my intermediate and
metriculation from L.A Sr. Sec. School Banswara and currently I am pursuing B.Tech in 
Computer Science Branch. During my B.Tech I've learned many skills like team management, 
time punctuality and also learned technical skills like  C, C++, JAVA, Android as well as 
iOS development and web development. I made some applications based on java and swift.
 
In my school time, I was awarded for making school website, participated in State level
tournament twice.

Kind of personality I am adventurous, creative and loyal towards my work.
My strengths are I am quick-learner and I have positive attitude. I believe in 
teamwork and always curious to learn new things which can improve existing technology. My
goal is to build successful career as a software engineer, which can help my company and 
me personally.
My  weakness is I feel uncomfortable until I finish my work in given time.



Q.1	What is your greatest weakness?											//show ur strength as weakness
Q.2	Why should we hire you? or Why should we select for this position?						//never let u down, m punctual
Q.3	How do you keep yourself organised?										//put ur personality, ur compassion, why u opt cs?
Q.4	Can you describe a situation where you have to deal with a difficult situation with less number of resource?	//
Q.5	Why are you interested for the same position they are interviewing for, and only in that company?		//
Q.6	Where do you see youself in next 3-5 years?									//
Q.7	What do enjoy most and least in engineering?									//
Q.8	What is your salary expectations?										





1.	Dont take the lead if you dont know the topic. Make sure your first entry should be well planned.
2. 	Dont get hesitate if you know or have been aware about the topic.
3.	Dont copy or follow someone idea, opinion and way of talking. Try always to keep your points in your words and avoid repeatation about the same things regularly.
4. 	Dont contradict your own point and keep your stand strong. Never share your thoughts and words with anybody instead of your team member, keep it confidential.
5.	Dont avoid the eye contact with your opponent and specially when you are having one-on-one conversation with your opposition team it might be the cause of losing
	of confidence or the whole GD either.
6.	Avoid interuppting in other's conversation and ask if you have any point and never let someone intervee in your conversation.
7.	Dont just speak once, find the opportunities to speak more and try to contribute during the entire session.
8.	Dont be mumble, be audible.
9. 	To conclude your points logically.
10.	Use always a strong voice, clear pitch and correct grammer.
11.	Do take counter arguments gracefully and show your good listening skills, do acknowledge previous speaker or your opponent if they have a logical and acceptable point.
12.	Do try to understand logics, facts about the topic. Try always to present yourself as a team player and keep your support at the back of the other team member of yours if they
	stuck or lack of their confidence in any situation.
13.	Make the professionalism better by showing your calm nature optimisticness and disciplined.
14.	Dont start or speak randomly if you have no knowledge of topic.





1.	Dont be arrogent, overaggresive and avoid showing of if you have huge knowledge about the topic.
2.	Dont show a lack of attention or energy, control your body gestures or activities such as moving your heads, blinking your eyes so many times, shivering, playing with fingers
	and shrinking your legs, biting your lips.
3.	Dont try to push your words on someone just to prove yourself right, save yourself by not doing mis-judge, mislead and mis-understand.
4.	Dont get into the unnecessary arguments or furtile conflicts with other speakers.


